hello I'm dr. David Horne Brooke the DVD
you're about to watch is entitled
porcelain veneers cementation utilizing
the tack and wave technique you know I
think one of the most stressful things
we do in dentistry is a cement ation of
what I'll call a smile design whether it
be six eight ten or twenty veneers
you know there's huge expectations not
only from our patient but for us as well
well they all go down in one visit with
a color match where we have bleeding of
the tissue during a segmentation the
last thing we need is a semen tation
process itself the placement of the
veneers to add to the stress utilizing
the tack and wave segmentation as you'll
see eliminates most of that stress and
makes it very efficient and enjoyable
okay so she's been in Provisionals for
the last five weeks we're gonna go ahead
and take those off and try in the
veneers you know during the removal of
the Provisionals and the try and I like
to use a cheek retractor we're actually
going to cement or bond the case in
under a rubber dam but this is more
comfortable for the patient and allows
me to evaluate the overall look of the
restorations lots of different cheek
retractors out there on the market this
is an opera gate from IVA Clark and the
nice thing about this go ahead no for me
he's very comfortable for the patient
it's a non latex silicone material with
kind of a stiff inner rim ring and a
stiff outer ring we also use this when
we take our impressions you can see how
it basically pulls the cheeks away from
the vestibule and also we can use it
during our quill abrasion especially if
we use a horseshoe type articulating
paper write down open write down open
and you can see how easy it is for her
to open and close and so we have
complete access as we do our
collaboration since the preparations
were into debt and we are going to
anesthetize Elizabeth typically on these
cementation days rather than numbing up
her whole upper lip with multiple
injections I like to give a palatal
injection called an AM s a anterior
medial superior alveolar